[Music]
will you be rich
or poor personality test
they say money can't buy you happiness
but most of us still wouldn't mind
having a little more of those unhappy
bills
so let's find out if you're gonna have
more than enough or
barely enough to get by you've got 10
questions to answer
don't overthink it just go with the
first option you like
and before you take this test to find
out if you'll be rich or poor
make sure you subscribe to our channel
there are plenty of money-saving tricks
and advice on the bright side of life
you know just in case
one you're offered a deal you either get
ten thousand dollars
right now or have to wait a year but
get one hundred thousand dollars what
would you choose
a i'd say no to both there must be some
sort of a catch here
b grab the money right now of course
c i'll wait a year and get more cash
if you chose option a you get 20 points
b
is worth 10 points and c is a 30.
two you're shopping for a new pair of
shoes the shop assistant tells you they
have an unbeatable deal going on at the
moment
buy two pairs get one free will you go
for the second pair you didn't really
plan on buying
just to get the third one for free a
of course it's a great deal
b i'll look around and see if there's
something good
no promises though c
i came to get one pair and that's what
i'm sticking to
did you pick option a then you just got
10 points
b gives you 20 points and c is worth
30.
[Music]
three speaking of shopping do you make
shopping lists and keep a budget
a absolutely b
nope who's got time for that anyway c
sometimes just when i'm running low on
money
add 30 points to your score if you went
for an a
10 points for b and 20 for c
4. a new smartphone is coming out and
everyone's talking about it
your phone is still functioning all
right will you still get the latest
greatest model everybody's buzzing about
a nah i'm good
b yeah but only if i can afford it
c i need it in my life right now i'd
even borrow money to get it
option a is worth 30 points b will add
20 points to your final score
and c is a 10 point option
five what's the perfect birthday gift
for you
a money money money
b online courses or a music library
subscription c
something fun i'd never buy for myself
a is worth 10 points b gives you 30
points
and go ahead and add 20 points to your
tally if you chose option c
6. your friend calls you up and tells
you he's got two free tickets to a
concert of your favorite band
the concert is in two days and it's a
thousand miles away
that means you'd need to pay for travel
and accommodation
what do you say a no
because it wasn't in my monthly budget
b yes of course
c let me first see how much the plane
tickets in hotel will cost me
option a will give you 30 more points b
is 10 more and c gives you 20.
seven which of the following sounds most
like your eating habits
a junk food for life
b i keep it healthy and cook for myself
i take leftovers to work or school
see i do enjoy eating out but just at
cute or atmospheric restaurants junk
food junkies get 10 points for option a
b is worth 30 points and c gives you 20.
eight would you rather have a well-paid
secure job that's boring
or do something financially risky that
you enjoy
a stability is everything i'd take that
mundane job
b i try to make the most out of my hobby
see i do what i love money isn't
everything
if you like the security that option a
will give you then go ahead and add 20
points to your total
for b you get 30 points and risky c
is worth 10 points
nine imagine you're offered a promotion
but they'd have to fire your best friend
what would you do a of course i'd turn
it down
b talk to my friend then make a decision
c take it my friend will understand
option a is worth 10 points b will add
20 points to your final score
and you get 30 points if you chose
option c
[Music]
finally an easy one to finish it off
just kidding it's actually the toughest
question out there
10. what's the meaning of life in your
opinion
a to achieve all your goals including
financial ones
b it's all about enjoying the journey
not getting to the destination
c changing the world for the better
goal achievers get 30 points for option
a
those who went for b get 20 and c is
worth 10 points
[Music]
time to sum it all up
if you got 100 to 160 points you'll be
living in saving mode
in other words you probably won't be
rich when it comes to money
but as far as having adventures making
memories and being surrounded by friends
you'll actually be as wealthy as they
come
money isn't your number one priority and
you aren't too careful
about it you often spend more than you
can afford without thinking of the
consequences
simply because it brings you joy well
yolo
people still say that right
in case your final score is between 170
and 230 points
you'll be quite comfortable you'll
always have just enough money to pay the
bills eat out every now and then
and buy good quality things you know
money comes to those who work hard so
you plan your spending and don't make
irrational decisions
sounds okay right
[Music]
if your total came to 230 to 300 points
congratulations you're a future
rockefeller
you'll be diving into your very own pool
of gold
money means the world to you and you're
ready to give it all to have it all
you count every cent to multiply what
you already have
you're hard-working and determined with
that entrepreneurial spirit to make
something
out of nothing
what was your final score tell us in the
comments below
don't forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side
of life
you